# Meeting agenda - Week 09

---

Date:           09.04.2024\
Time:           15:45-16:30\
Location:     DW Cubicle 3 \
Chair:          Adam Szymaniak\
Minute taker:     Boaz Bakhuijzen

---

### Opening (1 min)

Weekly checkup on everyone
* Check the attendance
* Any personal events we should take into consideration

### Approval of the agenda (1 min)
* Introduce potential last minutes adjustments to the agenda
* Changed the agenda to cover all the formalities and questions first before moving on to internal
discussion about planning our work for the last week.

### Announcements by the TA (5 min)

---

## Last week in a nutshell

### Present the last week's work to the TA (app demo) (5 min)

### Stand-up (5 min)
Everyone should talk about what they did last week.

---

## Q&A

### Questions for the TA (10-15 min)
- Apart from the team product pitch and question round with the entire team in room, do we
also have individual oral examinations (only one teammate in front of the examiners)?
- Should the product pitch use a live demo or a recorded one? Apparently other TAs said it
should specifically be live.
- "The feedback can be provided in several forms: screen content changes, labels in the application show a
  message, self-destructing notification pop-ups, changed button text, etc." Does this mean we should
support several ways or does it just list several examples of what we can choose from?
- We store the email in the DB. Sebastian pointed out to only store the emails in a config file
for the email notifications extended feature. We don't plan to do this feature. Should we still
delete the email field from the server?


### Plan for the last week (10-15 min)
- Check on Jakub's progress on updating Expense controllers
- Check on David's progress on updating the models
- Check on Marios's progress on supporting the involved:update endpoint
- We agreed that the deadline for the three aforementioned points is before today's meeting.
Let's check, if we managed to meet this deadline.
- Check on Boaz's progress on pop-ups and accessibility features
- We still have left the product pitch to do.
- Thursday midnight seems to be a reasonable deadline for making changes to our code since
GitLab might be unresponsive on Friday.
- All the backend should be probably be finished by Tuesday midnight. No more big features planned for the backend.

### UI work left:

- Accessibility
- Detailed expense overview
- Detailed participant overview
- Revamp for event overview to include filtering the expense list. 
See the date and who paid for the expense.


### Question round (2 min)
If there are any questions left, now is the time to ask them.

### Closing (1 min)
* Ask the TA if she's got anything to add.
