# Meeting agenda - Week 06

---

Date:           26.03.2024\
Time:           15:45-16:30\
Location:     DW Cubicle 3 \
Chair:          Marios Kailis\
Minute taker:     Midas van Veen

---

### Opening (4 min)

Weekly checkup on everyone
* Check the attendance
* Any personal events we should take into consideration
* How did everyone experience last week's workload
* Does everyone think they managed to hit the knockout criteria

### Approval of the agenda (2 min)
Did anyone read the agenda before the meeting and do they have suggestions?
 - Introduce potential last minutes adjustments to the agenda

### Announcements by the TA (3 min)

---

## Points of action:

### Product Pitch (5 min)
* Some points on the topic:
  - Will each team member be required to submit their own draft?
  - How long should the pitch be?
    - If its +- 1 minute from requirement, is that acceptable?
  - Will the pitch be graded individually or as a group?
  - Are we allowed to present the pitch in video format?


* We need to uphold these requirements, maybe an idea to keep hold to these requirements from this point forward.
* We can change some things and maybe add functionality to reach these requirements.

### Pacing and planning upcoming weeks (5 min)
* How far are we with implementing the basic requirements?
* When are we expecting to be done implementing the basic requirements?
* Maybe an idea to make a planning for the upcoming weeks, 
for example when we want to be done with the basic requirements.

### Present the last week work to the TA (3 min)

### Discuss the live language translation feature (4 min)
* How far are we with implementing the live language translation feature?
* Are there any parts we need to discuss?
* Did we encounter any problems with implementing this feature?

### Discuss Websocket usage and long-polling (5 min)
* How far are we exactly with implementing websockets?
* How will the implementation of long-polling change with the implementation of websockets?
* Are there any parts we need to discuss?
* Which parts need to be implemented as soon as possible to have a working application?

### Action points for the next week (Scrum board) (5 min)

Possible points:
- Finishing websocket and long-polling use
- Finishing live language translation
- Improving HCI/Accessibility 
- Starting work on admin panel
- Suggestions of others

---

### Questions for the TA (5 min)
- Any things we need to look out for in the upcoming weeks
- Will the oral exam be individual or group-based?


### Question round (3 min)
If there are any questions, now is the time to ask them.

### Closing (1 min)
* See if anyone would like to start work after the meeting.
* Ask the TA if she's got anything to add.