# Meeting Notes - Week 04

### Attendance
* Everyone was present and on time for the meeting.

### Approval of agenda
* No more points were added by the participants.

### Announcements by the TA
* The deadline for the buddycheck 1 is Friday week 4!!!
* We agreed to ask TA every meeting about passes of knockout criteria.
* Work on week 5 (midterm week) will be considered as work on week 6.
* After week 5 we should provide TA with our dates for oral presentation.

### Checkstyle
* Decided to split work equally.
* Boaz will collect all our branches and make final merge to main.

### Architecture of the project
* We discussed some problems with the architecture of the project.
* Specifically, replace Long with UUID for id in models.

### Task Division
* We talked about what needs to be done this week.
* We decided to switch the client-side and server-side groups.
* We agreed on the following tasks:
    * Event UI
    * Client-server communication
    * Expense controller
    * YAML file for the API
* We decided to delegate concrete work distribution by Thursday's meeting (see below) since we need some  additional time for switching-related things.

### Planning & Tasks
* Decided to focus on it more on Thursday's meeting.

### Questions to the TA
* How to handle situations if knockout criteria are not passed.

### Additional meeting
* Decided to have additional meeting on Thursday at 13:50 to discuss switching and particular task distribution. 

### Next meeting
* Week 6 since week 5 is a midterm week.

### Next meetings role assignment
* Chair: TBD
* Minutetaker: TBD

## After this meeting
* We went to flux to discuss some things about the project
* Discussed checkstyle and the particular way of merging it to main
* Testing of database and id generations

### Feedback about meeting
* Everything went well, didn't take too long on any point.
* All topics were discussed.
* Everyone knows what to do for the next meeting.
