# Meeting Notes - Week 03

### Attendance
* Everyone was present and on time for the meeting.

### Approval of agenda
* No more points were added by the participants.

### Announcements by the TA
* Everybody passed the git assignment, so no need to discuss it further.
* The deadline for the code of conduct is 01/03/2024.
* For important questions asked to the TA in mattermost, ping the TA.

### Code of Conduct
* Everyone did most of their part for the code of conduct.
* We need to write an additional 700 words to meet the minimum requirement.
* Jakub was assigned to check the grammar and spelling of the code of conduct.

### Architecture of the project
* We discussed some problems with the architecture of the project.
* Specifically, the issue that rises from editing the expenses.

### Task Division
* We talked about what needs to be done this week.
* We agreed on the following tasks:
  * Jakub will work on the add/edit participants ui
  * David and Adam will work mainly on the database setup and access.
  * Midas and Boaz will work on the creation and testing of scenes
  * Marios will work on client's utils and then help David and Adam.

### Questions to the TA
* We asked the TA some questions related to how our progress is checked every week
* We also asked about how 'lines of java source code' are counted.
* TA told us that we will receive an announcement about the latter soon.

## Next meeting

### Next meetings role assignment
* Chair: Jakub
* Minutetaker: David

## After this meeting
* We went to flux to discuss some things about the project
* We agreed on our 10 Checkstyle rules.
* We also discussed and figured out the conceptual schema for the database, 

### Feedback about meeting
* Everything went well, didn't take too long on any point.
* All topics were discussed.
* Everyone knows what to do for the next meeting.
